Your family?
Can you tell me anything about them?
I don't want to talk about it.
That's okay.
We can talk about something else.
Like what?
Like, what was
your favourite subject in school?
Music.
Favourite food?
Pizza.
What about least favourite food?
Salmon patties.
Salmon patties? What's a salmon patty?
It's like, canned salmon with mayonnaise,
bread crumbs and onions, grilled in a pan.
Ugh.
Oh, that sounds terrible.
Spend your whole life swimming upstream,
end up a patty.
Yeah. Should've swam the other way.
Yeah, should've.
I know living here is gonna
take a while to get used to.
But this is home, now.
And I want it to feel that way.
I'll do everything I can
to make that happen.
I just need you to help me a little bit.
What direction were you coming from
when you found us?
Good morning, fol/(s,
this is your friendly
morning wake-up call.
It’s another beaut/fu/ day
with clear skies.
And for those keeping scone,
today is a big one.
Today marks 365 days in the Diamond.
You heard the man.
We're celebrating today.
With syrup.
Hey, cut him some slack.
Do you know how hard it is
to find Vermont Fancy in Texas?
It's the finest vintage. Yeah.
- Now on my eggs.
- Yeah, on your eggs.
Was she up all night again?
Mom?
Mom.
You missed breakfast.
The kid needs a place of her own.
I was thinking about
putting the bed over here.
- Did you get any sleep?
- A couple hours.
Well, we've got the run today.
I'm fine, Nick.
Tell your sister
I'll be there in a little while.
What?
Can anyone around here
give me a courtesy laugh?
I survived out there on a lot less
than a couple of hours of sleep.
Yeah, and you were a lot crankier.
Maybe a bit funnier.
- See? I can do it.
- No.
Caffeinate. We are leaving in 20.
Did you know
he only lived to be 27?
I think you might've mentioned it.
And did you know people say
he might've sold his soul to the devil?
Thats what
Cross Road Blues
is about, right?
Uh-huh.
What's wrong with the turnips?
I'm not sure.
Looks like someone swallowed them,
and puked them back up.
Well, look at it this way,
it's one less vegetable you gotta eat.
I like vegetables.
How old are you?
How much food do we have in the pantries?
- Mmm, enough.
- Yeah, but
how long would it last
if it was all we had?
Charlie, you don't need to worry
about stuff like that any more.
You know, we're almost growing enough,
so, we won't have to
go out there for anything.
Come on.
Let's look at the cabbages.
- Charlie's family?
- She said they're out there.
- You got her to talk about it?
- Not exactly. She pointed.
But I checked her book.
It's from the public library
out in Bartlett.
Mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm.
That's outside the range.
I thought we agreed
nobody goes outside the range.
We did, but this is a special case.
The kid can't look for her family
on her own.
We have to do it for her.
We don't even know if they're alive.
Yeah, but we didn't know you were alive,
and Viv convinced us to look for you,
and look how that turned out.
I wasn't out of range.
_It wouldn't have mattered to me
If you were. What about you, VIv?
All right.
Radio us back the second you can. Okay?
Let's go.
Hey. You mind giving me a hand?
Ain't a road trip without snacks.
Aren't you on watch today?
Seems like you know my schedule
better than I do.
Because I made it.
And I put you on watch for a reason.
Lucy.
- Change your mind?
- No. That kid needs a new book.
Think you can find her one
while you're out there?
Well, you should come and help me look.
Well, I've got a turnip situation.
- Don't you get bored in here?
- I do, yeah. It's great.
It is.
You wanna just stare at a wall later?
- Deal.
- Yes.
I'll bring the jicama.
Can you make sure
she comes back this time?
Mmm-hmm.
You're never gonna let that go, huh?
Eventually, I might.
Let's go, let's go.
Be careful.
He's gotta come out sometime.
He will when it's right.
You weren't there when I found him, Lucy.
He just needs to be in a place
where he feels safe right now.
Will you just have a drink
with the guy already?
Madison, you know I only drink with you.
You guys 5177/ in range?
What is it?
I ﬁgured out
what’s wrong with the turn/,‘os.
Weevils. They got to the roots.
We're gonna have to dig them all up.
You need us to look for pesticides
while we're here?
Nick? Nick? You copy?
And so ends our broadcast day.
Okay, Luciana, you go with Strand.
Alicia, you come with me.
You know how it works. Eyes open,
stay close, keep talking.
Any sign of Charlie's family, radio us.
Clear.
This place
has been picked clean.
There's nothing left.
Some avaricious
looters got to th/s place.
They took everything.
Even the light bulbs.
What do you think it means?
I don't know. Come on.
Oh...
I bet this camp
is where Charlie's from.
Kid's lucky she got out of here alive.
You guys see any signs of survivors?
None. And it's not only the survivors
who are in absentia.
The dead. Where are they?
_ We haven't seen_one
smce we entered this burg.
Yeah, neither have we.
Hang on.
We're gonna be another minute.
I think there's someone around here.
Looks like one person.
I found what's left of their lunch.
Copy-
You know, she won't go back
until she looks under every rock.
Ha.
It's the only reason I'm here.
Only reason we're all here.
Well, she didn't just find me down there.
She saved me, and she didn't have to.
Well, you know what she says.
I do. But I made a pretty powerful
argument to the contrary.
Still never asked her
why she helped me after what I did.
Ask her.
Hey. What are you doing?
Nothing.
It's okay.
They haven't been gone that long.
I know it wasn't a regular run.
Well, look, we didn't want to tell you
because we didn't
want you to get your hopes up.
But if your family is out there,
we'll find them.
Why don't you ever go out there?
'Cause I like it better in here.
Now, you gonna help me
with those puke turnips?
Mom, did you find anything?
Don't.
Mom?
Now, turn around.
Your keys. Hand them over.
You don't have to do this.
The keys.
Shit.
We have a settlement. Strong walls.
Plenty of food. Good people.
It's the truth.
We just took in a kid.
Says she's from around here somewhere.
A little girl.
Named Charlie? You know her?
I don't have a kid.
Please just stop.
It's okay.
Easy there.
Wait!
Madison!
Please, put it down.
We're not gonna hurt you.
You can trust us.
You need help? Hell, you need the car.
We'll give it to you.
Don't...
It's okay! We'll get you out!
Get the hatch open.
It's rusted shut.
- Stay close.
- I'm trying!
Good, good, good. Push, push.
Mom?
Madison, who on God's Earth did we risk
life and limb to save this time?
I didn't get a chance to ask her name
when she had me at gunpoint.
Hey.
No one's gone til! they're gone.
Naomi.
My name is Naomi.
I'm sorry. I wasn't going to hurt you.
Well, somebody led them into the tank.
Any idea who?
I just camped there last night.
I'm not from here.
Where are you from?
It's been a long time
since I've been from anywhere.
You've been travelling this whole time?
The whole time.
We should leave. Now.
- We gotta do something.
- Like what?
I don't know, go out there and figure out
where that music came from.
Maybe it was something to do with
why they're not back yet.
You know,
maybe it was them trying to signal us.
Look, I know you're worried
about your family,
but let's just wait,
see if we hear it again.
I need you to open the gate.
I can do that.
Easy.
Nick, get back here.
Nick, what are you doing?
You know, just taking a stroll.
What happened to you?
Get in.
Charlie, can we talk for a second?
It's okay.
I know you didn't find them.
I'm sorry.
I've gotta ask you another
question, though. It's not an easy one.
What happened at your camp?
Do you know who did that?
We can talk about it another time.
- Thanks.
- Least I could do.
Are you a nurse or a doctor?
Nurse.
What kind?
Last answer. No more questions.
ER, then ICU.
Hey, how'd she take it?
I don't think it was a surprise.
All right, I'll go check on her.
Thank you.
You didn't tell me your camp
was a baseball stadium.
You didn't believe I had a camp.
- How many people live here?
- Forty-seven.
Forty-eight, if you decide to stay.
I pulled a gun on you.
But you didn't shoot.
I've done a lot worse
when I was out there. We all did.
I thought I lost my kids for good
because of it.
But I found them.
And then we found this place,
and we built it up, together.
We are who we are because of it.
You don't even know me.
And you don't know us.
So, we're both taking a chance.
I know it's a lot.
Why don't you see how you feel
after a shower?
A shower?
Uh-huh.
- Is the water--
- Yeah.
But you gotta turn the knob all the way
to the right to get it really hot.
Hit them if they get within 50 feet of us.
Copy.
You know, I could've helped you guys
out there if he'd let me come along.
I don ’t think thats why
he didn ’t want you to come.
Well, then what's the deal? He acts like
he doesn't want to get to know me.
It might be the other way around.
Does he really think
that's going to stop me?
Luce?
You guys need to get inside right now!
Why? What’s wrong?
Ditch the truck right now!
Lock the gate.
Who the hell is that?
Get to the armory. Bring everything.
You picked one hell of a night to join us.
There a problem?
We're good. You want one?
We got a lot of people inside
with a lot of guns.
That's a hell of a welcome.
We saw what you did
to that camp by those tanks.
You think we did that?
Well, your flag was flying over it.
Yeah. Because _we had to
clean up their mess.
You see, the thing no one thought about
when they built the camp
between all those giant metal drums,
is what would happen if the bleeder valve
got jammed on one of those things.
We warned them, but they didn't listen.
Pooﬁ
What do you want from us?
We want you... to listen.
'Cause you have a mess
of your own out here. Don't you?
A bad batch of turnips, from what I hear.
You should tell Nick to check
the rest of his crops, too,
because the weevils
are a bitch to get rid of.
How the hell do you know his name?
Come here, kiddo!
Ah.
Hey. Come here. How you doing?
Did they take good care of you? Huh?
I'm so sorry we were late.
I just had to clear the road
of the fallen back there,
so, we could chat out here, uninterrupted.
But I got you some new records on the bus.
Go on, get in there. Good girl.
God, she's a good kid.
We found her a while back.
Turns out she has a real knack
for finding the good stuff.
Boy, she hit the jackpot here.
You're not taking anything from us.
People always say that.
You see,
we're not taking anything from anyone.
Anyone who's alive, aanay.
You see, look... I've had
this conversation a hundred times.
We know that you're good people. Yeah?
With 27 machine guns,
six rifles, 14 handguns,
six dozen hand grenades,
and until recently, a great crop yield,
but there is a natural cycle
to a place like this. Okay?
And yours is about to run out.
So, there's two ways this can go.
Either you give us your stuff, and live.
I mean, hell, you can join us.
You can become one of us.
Or we wait for you all to die
trying to make things work.
Either way, I end up with that gun
on your hip, and whatever else I want.
That's not a threat,
that's just the way it goes.
I'm Mel, by the way.
We're not going anywhere.
Yeah, I've heard that before, too.
We've lived like you.
Moving from place to place,
doing whatever it took to make it.
We're not going back to that life.
You saying you're better than us?
I'm saying we found a better way.
'Cause you live in there in those walls,
you don't have to do the sorts of things
we have to do?
Let me tell you something.
You just haven't been tested yet.
But you're about to be.
If you change your mind,
we'll be out here, waiting.
We're not who you think we are.
Hey, help yourself.
Leave that one be. Leave it--
Okay, okay. All right, all right.
You're with them!
With who?
The Vultures.
I don't know what that means.
Maybe if you assholes put your guns down,
we could help each other.
Who put that flag up?
What did they do to you?
How about you answer our questions?
- That flag isn't yours?
- No.
All right. Show us where you found it.